updating docker build instructions and guidance (#173)
ros-planning/navigation.ros.org: build_instructions/index.rst

Docker
******

.. note::

>   To avoid using `sudo` to use docker, add your use to the `docker` group as outlined here for a Linux host machine: https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/

Reviewer: Remove the note, I'm not sure we should be recommending people to mess with their system security settings. It is easy to really mess things up in an unrecoverable way and I don't want to deal with devops tickets that people messed up their systems.

Reviewer: Just include sudo

  If you choose not to do this, you must run the below docker commands as `sudo`

> The official Dockerfile and Dockerhub container are primarily for use in the Nav2 CI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The official Dockerhub entries are primarily for use in the Nav2 CI, but they may also be used for development use to get a docker image that tracks Nav2 ``main`` branch. The ``Dockerfile`` in the root of the repository is recommended for production use, set to your distribution of choice. 
```

> For Nav2 production containerized use, it is reccomended to install Nav2 releases from the apt repository inside a ROS container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is though generally recomended to install Nav2 releases from the apt repository inside a container if you'd like to use our released binaries.
```

To build an image from the Dockerfile in the Nav2 folder:
First, clone the repo to your local system (or see Building the source above)

.. code:: bash

  docker build -t nav2/latest .

If proxies are needed:

.. code:: bash

  docker build -t nav2/latest --build-arg http_proxy=http://proxy.my.com:### --build-arg https_proxy=http://proxy.my.com:### .

Note: You may also need to configure your docker for DNS to work. See article here for details: https://development.robinwinslow.uk/2016/06/23/fix-docker-networking-dns/

> If you would like to build from dockerhub cache to speed up the build

Reviewer: Please don't fully remove instructions for using the dockerhub containers, they're still very useful for developers that need the main branch status of Nav2, its still a great ready to use container for that. The caching instructions are also a nice touch, but it should be both, not either or

Note: You may also need to configure your docker for DNS to work. See article here for details: https://development.robinwinslow.uk/2016/06/23/fix-docker-networking-dns/

If you would like to build from dockerhub cache to speed up the build

.. code:: bash

  sudo docker pull rosplanning/navigation2:main
  sudo docker build -t nav2/latest --cache-from rosplanning/navigation2:main .

.. rst-class:: content-collapse

Using DockerHub Container
=========================
We allow for you to pull the latest docker image from the main branch at any time. As new releases and tags are made, docker containers on docker hub will be versioned as well to chose from.

> This docker image will not contain a built overlay, and you must build the overlay Nav2 workspace yourself (see Build Nav2 Main up above).

Author: Yes this is true, I think the circleci config changed? See Point 2 of Ruffin's response: https://github.com/ros-planning/navigation2/issues/2388#issuecomment-854324100

Further evidence is in the container itself
```
$ docker pull rosplanning/navigation2:main
main: Pulling from rosplanning/navigation2
Digest: sha256:f60e9af8d32a897362c7ba869906ffb4531f269c1f25d9222dfd896a77a193ed
Status: Image is up to date for rosplanning/navigation2:main
docker.io/rosplanning/navigation2:main

$ docker run -it rosplanning/navigation2:main
root@03340a985d2c:/opt/overlay_ws# ls
src
```

> This docker image will not contain a built overlay, and you must build the overlay Nav2 workspace yourself (see Build Nav2 Main up above).

Reviewer: Huh, ok
